last week hey Ronnie what is it hello
poison girl I'm happy to see you here
today well now it's time for the
treasure hunt you all know how to play
yeah i sat at home for a long time I
worked very hard we made a very long
list for you but now it isn't here do
you know where it is anyway there are no
the news Oh
quick look for anything out in the
bottle Gavin let's rest Debbie look for
the bottle where we'll look behind the
Scarecrow okay
Gabi what look at this just an old stone
but look at this good now help me look
in the Scarecrow in the Scarecrow look
in the pockets look look at pants
there's nothing here what is it oh no
it's the bottle I have to borrow quick
take out the note look for the next
bottle it is under a chair the chair is
behind a box the box is your lamp the
lamp is on a table the table is in a
junk part in a junkyard let's go where
there's a junkyard did a power station
come on
later